Hey, what's up? This section is an important one.
This is all about working with people and stakeholders.
It's communication skills and that sort of thing.
So let's get started.
By far, one of the most important skills to master as a
product manager is communication and you already know why,
because being a communication hub is
one of the biggest parts of our job.
Communication happens in a lot of different channels.
So let's talk about a few here.
So first, we've got meetings this is among the most important
areas a product manager needs to be a great
communicator in, just these company and one-to-one meetings.
So much of what affects our product occurs in meetings,
and knowing just how to take advantage of the
face to face and internet meetings is a
key portion of the product management job.
We also have to learn how to make sure that activities
that come from meetings are followed up on.
If you send a recap e-mail or notes after a meeting
and you ensure everything gets followed up on from
all the people in the meeting, you're going
to score major points as a product manager.
Number two, conference calls,
and this includes video meetings as well.
If you've got offices all around the world, these are going
to be very frequent. Communicating here very
well is dependent on the intonation
and the clarity of your verbal message.
Ensure that people are following along with you,
and if you have any resources, or you're sharing some
slide decks, or stats, make sure there's links to
all of that in the meeting invite or in
an e-mail that's associated with the meeting.
All right.
Number three, e-mails.
This is going to be the bulk of communication
as a product manager,
your primary method. Ensure that what you're writing
is clear, it's concise, and you have links to all of
the data and resources that you refer to in the email.
Number five, informal meetings, like lunch meetings.
These are casual environments that can be great for connecting,
getting feedback, ideas, and working to build support.
Don't underestimate the power of having lunch with a coworker and to tell them about what you're working on and get their input.
So, in general, there's a lot of ways we
communicate as a product manager,
but to become a truly stellar product manager, you must learn the art of communicating differently with different types of people.
There's an old saying that goes
"Six different audiences, six different slide decks."
We're going to talk more about that next.
I'll see you in the next lecture.